all right you super sleuth in this
detective challenge there are three
levels
each next riddle is trickier than the
previous one
to get to the end and find out your
results you'll need to concentrate hard
and use
all your detective skills level one
anthony lives in the south of town 20
minutes away from college
mark's house is in the north and a bit
closer just 10 minutes away
their lectures start at the same time
and the guys always meet in the park on
the way to their classes
who's usually further from the college
building when it happens
the boys meet at the same point it means
they're the same distance away from the
college building
milan airport customs officers noticed
that one man
traveled abroad at least several times a
week they started to suspect he was a
smuggler
but couldn't understand what he smuggled
he always had a suitcase or a bag with
him
but there never was anything forbidden
or expensive inside
only several months later when a new
customs officer joined the team
the mystery was solved what was it the
man smuggled
he smuggled designer suitcases and bags
detective dan carlos was following a
criminal who had stolen his watch
this person dan didn't see whether it
was a man
or a woman ran for a hospital building
and disappeared inside
when the detective rushed through the
doors he saw two doctors examining their
patients
one of them had to be the criminal he
was looking for but
which one
it's the woman on the left her
stethoscope earpieces
aren't in her ears emily had
passed a difficult test with flying
colors
but for some inexplicable reason her
professor sure the girl cheated
after arguing for a while they come to
an agreement
if emily solves one riddle her teacher
will give her
she'll get to keep her high mark on the
piece of paper the professor hands her
there's just one word house the girl
doesn't need much time to figure out the
answer
what is it
[Music]
in this case the color matters the
answer is
greenhouse little adam knew his older
brother philip got some money for his
birthday
but however hard adam tried he couldn't
find it
one day when philip was awake the boy
sneaked into his brother's room
there was no money but adam found a map
the older boy had hidden the cash in the
garden
adam followed the instructions to a tee
ten steps to the left
15 to the right then eight straight
ahead
it must be here the boy started to dig
he wasted two hours and still found
nothing
did philip trick his little brother
adam's steps were much smaller than his
brothers that's why he was digging in
the wrong
place level two
it was the middle of a working day and
helen was in her office
suddenly her home security system
informed her there was someone inside
the woman called the police she was sure
the intruder had been sent by her
competitors
she thought he was after the memory card
with the information about her new
project
when the police arrived there was indeed
a man in the house
they searched him but found no memory
card he couldn't have swallowed it
then where was the card
when the police got him the man secretly
slipped the memory card into one
officer's pocket after being searched
the criminal retrieved the card
the manager of a ski resort has gone
missing
the police suspect three people that are
staying at the hotel
unfortunately no one can find any of
these people
they're probably on the slope skiing the
police officers have no time to waste
and decide to examine their rooms look
at the suspect's stuff
and say who is behind the disappearance
of the manager
it's joe he's the only one who doesn't
have warm clothes or winter sports gear
and equipment
it means he didn't come to the resort to
have some fun
jason a rich traveler stayed in a small
but expensive hotel at the seaside
during a severe storm with gale force
winds there was a blackout
the whole area was plunged into darkness
people stayed without electricity for at
least two hours
the problem was finally solved but jason
discovered that
during the commotion someone had taken
his wallet with tons of cash and all his
credit cards
the police arrived and questioned the
people who had been in the hotel at that
time
justin the receptionist told the
detective he had been in the basement
he had been trying to start an emergency
generator unfortunately
he didn't succeed nicole another guest
said she arrived an hour before the
blackout she was exhausted
she lit several candles unpacked cleaned
herself
and went to bed gregory the hotel driver
said he had been at the airport a new
guest had arrived
and he went to pick him up the police
immediately figured out who was lying
can you
the blackout was caused by a bad storm
and planes don't fly
in such windy weather then how could
someone arrive by airplane
gregory lied in the 22nd century
robots live among people and it's
nothing out of the ordinary
but sometimes they resemble people so
much
it makes detective work way harder like
this time
eric blank an experienced police officer
has to figure out which of the three
suspects
is guilty of identity theft he knows for
sure
the culprit is a robot but who isn't
human
it's the girl in the middle she has a
usb port on the side of her neck
level three maria had to take part in a
very important sports competition
but several days before the event her
boyfriend
keith found out the girl had disappeared
the only thing she left behind was a
note
i'm sorry i had to leave we'll never see
each other again
please call my sister jenny her phone
number is
two one two one seven three six three
six two confused by the message keith
went to the police
i think maria was taken away against her
will and made to write this note
she is an only child in the family and
doesn't have a sister
the police started an investigation they
found three people who could be behind
the disappearance
cheryl maria's competitor said she had
been at her mom's house
resting before the competition aaron
cheryl's coach
told the police he'd been spending all
his time at the gym
and kyle maria's coach said he had felt
unwell
and stayed in bed who knows something
about maria's whereabouts
in her note the girl didn't write a
phone number this way
she encoded the criminal's name aaron
boy who needs a coach like that janet
had a dream she wanted to become her
professor's assistant
the man was a famous and talented
scientist the man knew
she was a smart girl but before offering
her the position
he decided to put her to the test the
professor took her to a house with two
rooms
completely isolated from each other in
one room there were three switches
in the other room there were three light
bulbs janet had to stay in the room with
the switches
she was allowed to go to the other room
only once
she had to understand which switch was
connected to each of the bulbs
the girl managed to solve this task how
did she do it
she turned on the first switch and
waited for a minute
then she turned it off after that she
flipped the second switch
and went inside the room with the bulbs
one of the bulbs was on
it was the one connected to the second
switch janet touched the remaining bulbs
the warm one was connected to the first
switch and the cold one
was linked to the third switch kyle
lived on the sixth floor of an apartment
building
once the man was having his coffee on
the balcony
suddenly he spotted a woman on the
eighth floor of the building
opposite his she opened the window and
threw something with a great force in no
more than a minute
kyle jumped to his feet and ran to call
the ambulance
they arrived soon and rushed the woman
to a hospital
what did she throw out of the window
it was a boomerang hey i didn't say all
these people were smart
do you feel like cracking another rebus
puzzle this time a more difficult
one take a look at this what does it
mean
safety in numbers
if you've managed to get through the
first level you have better logical
skills than many other people
watching more detective movies can make
your observation skills sharper
if you've left behind two levels
congrats
you must have strong analytical thinking
skills
just pay a bit more attention to details
if you've passed
all three levels wow way to go
very few people can get to this point
you must be the one people ask for
advice in tricky situations
because you can find a solution to any
problem